Tabs: Auto-generate README (#68209)
WordPress/gutenberg: packages/components/src/tabs/README.md

> # Tabs

Reviewer: Repeated from https://github.com/WordPress/gutenberg/pull/68249/files#r1895926109 — `Tabs` is currently a private API, but there's no mention of this in the README. Should we add a way to flag that in the generated README?

Author: Proposed in #68317

<!-- This file is generated automatically and cannot be edited directly. Make edits via TypeScript types and TSDocs. -->

<p class="callout callout-info">See the <a href="https://wordpress.github.io/gutenberg/?path=/docs/components-tabs--docs">WordPress Storybook</a> for more detailed, interactive documentation.</p>

Tabs is a collection of React components that combine to render
an [ARIA-compliant tabs pattern](https://www.w3.org/WAI/ARIA/apg/patterns/tabs/).

Tabs organizes content across different screens, data sets, and interactions.

> It has two sections: a list of tabs, and the view to show when tabs are chosen.

Reviewer 2: Only one tab can be chosen at a given time, so I think it makes sense to reflect that more accurately. 

```suggestion
It has two sections: a list of tabs, and the view to show when a tab is chosen.
```

`Tabs` itself is a wrapper component and context provider.
It is responsible for managing the state of the tabs, and rendering the `TabList` and `TabPanels`.

## Props

### `activeTabId`

The current active tab `id`. The active tab is the tab element within the
tablist widget that has DOM focus.

- `null` represents the tablist (ie. the base composite element). Users
  will be able to navigate out of it using arrow keys.
- If `activeTabId` is initially set to `null`, the base composite element
  itself will have focus and users will be able to navigate to it using

>   arrow keys.activeTabId

Reviewer 2: What's going on here?

tabbable.

Note: this prop will be overridden by the `selectedTabId` prop if it is
provided (meaning the component will be used in "controlled" mode).

 - Type: `string`
 - Required: No

### `defaultActiveTabId`

The tab id that should be active by default when the composite widget is
rendered. If `null`, the tablist element itself will have focus
and users will be able to navigate to it using arrow keys. If `undefined`,
the first enabled item will be focused.

Note: this prop will be overridden by the `activeTabId` prop if it is
provided.

 - Type: `string`
 - Required: No

### `onSelect`

The function called when the `selectedTabId` changes.

 - Type: `(selectedId: string) => void`
 - Required: No

### `onActiveTabIdChange`

A callback that gets called when the `activeTabId` state changes.

 - Type: `(activeId: string) => void`
 - Required: No

### `orientation`

Defines the orientation of the tablist and determines which arrow keys
can be used to move focus:

- `both`: all arrow keys work.
- `horizontal`: only left and right arrow keys work.
- `vertical`: only up and down arrow keys work.

 - Type: `"horizontal" | "vertical" | "both"`
 - Required: No

>  - Default: `"horizontal"`

Author: The HTML rendering behavior of these "run-on" Markdown lists is not clearly defined, and depending on the renderer can result in a single merged list 😅

@ciampo Any ideas how to address systematically? (I usually just tweak the prop description so it doesn't end in a list item 🙈)

Reviewer: I'm not sure I fully understand the scenario that you're describing 🙉 Could you explain it again? 🙏

Author: Yes, sorry.

Let's say we have a prop description like this:

```ts
/**
 * This is my prop description. It has a list:
 *
 * - Foo
 * - Bar
 * - Baz
 */
myProp?: string;
```

That is going to end up in the README like this:

```md
### `myProp`

This is my prop description. It does three things:

- Foo
- Bar
- Baz

- Type: `string`
- Required: No
```

Paste that into a Markdown to HTML converter, and it's going to generate random weird HTML for that ambiguously separated list, depending on the converter implementation. There needs to be some content between those two lists for it to render reliably.

Reviewer: Easiest thing to do that comes to mind is to change the format and stop having the type / required info displayed as a list. We could move them back on the same line as the prop name, maybe?

Reviewer: Other simple solutions is to add a paragraph before the type/required to force an interruption of any previous lists

Author: > We could move them back on the same line as the prop name, maybe?

This ends up being a bit messy because some prop types can be quite long (like enums).

What do you think about #68301? I tried flipping the order, which should probably work better.
